---
start: 2021-11-02T11:00
end: 2021-11-02T12:00
location: MS Teams
 
title: Autumn Urology Group Meeting

tags:
  - urology

group: urology

eleventyNavigation:
  parent: urology

---

## Agenda

This is what we are going to discuss in this meeting

* YIC Update & Intelerad Sharing Solution
* Priorities for the Urology Group 
* Progress of TP Biopsy & TP Biopsy Course

## Minutes

### Attendance
_Olly Hulson, Dan Fascia, ShivaDeep Sukumar, Harry Bardgett, Simon Burbidge, Shrilay Sinha, Anna Zoltowski, Andrew Hunter, Emma Sanderson_
### Key Discussion Points

* Dan updated on the YIC pricing matrix, noting that research was done into all trusts payment systems, outsourcing companies and some international prices to produce the pricing matrix.
* It was suggested to look into any protocols which had outliers to produce more standardisation. 
* DOFs have agreed to run payment for additional work to fit with payroll cut off dates for 6 months, to then review.
* A paid role to lead the REALM group will be advetised. A functional process for REALM needs to be established.
* The group agreed that Intelerad would be useful for prepping MDT meetings.
* Olly noted that in terms of TP biopsy there was appetite to move from precision point to reusable guide. MYHT were doing their first GA in January and would be using a hybrid model. 
* There are plans to do a TP course towards the end of March for radiology staff and sonographers.
* The grouo agreed to focus on formalising urology training across the region and research opportunities.
