---
start: 2022-04-27T14:00
end: 2022-04-27T15:00
location: MS Teams
 
title: Spring GI Group Meeting

tags:
  - gastrointestinal

group: gastrointestinal

eleventyNavigation:
  parent: gastrointestinal

---

## Agenda

This is what will be discussed in this meeting:
* CTC Audit
* PV Timing
* Bolus Tracking / Weight Based Contrast
* Cross-Trust Abdo/Pelvis Protocols
* GI Chest
* Sub-Groups 
* Oral Contrast

## Minutes

### Attendance
_Damian Tolan, Jonathan McConnell, Debra Punshon, Ollie Hough, Catherine Roberts, Mark White, Raneem Albazaz, Naeem Jagirdar, Saminah Yunis_
    
### Actions
1. To create reporting standard templates for pancreatic cancer staging, anal cancers and rectal cancer, to then use SIG members to sense check [On Hold]
2. To arrange an ad hoc meeting to agree CT/MRI protocols within the next 6 months [On Hold until protocols prioritised]
3. To circulate an email in order to form the MRI and CT sub-groups [On Hold until protocols prioritised]
4. Planning phase of the education programme for cross sectional radiography [new for Damian Tolan/SIG PMs]

### Key Discussion Points
## CT Audit
* Requirement for everyone to do CTC audit - potential to record this through YIC to save time. 
* Trusts agreed to use the bowel cancer screening template for symptomatic and cancer patients. - will become minimum standard of service as guidance from the RCR.
## PV Timings
* SIG PMs have been looking at CT abdo/pelvis protocols across Trusts. Variations are between basic things, where we donâ€™t need the variation.
* All agreed to do weight based protocols when able to, in accordance with RCR guidance
* All agreed to move PV timings to 70 seconds
## Oral Contrast
* Trusts confirmed that they give contrast to patients on a limited and specific basis, otherwise water is given to patients.
* It was agreed to form an agreement of which circumstances positive contrast should be used.
* Starvation before a CT scan would be re-visited.
## GI Chest
* It was agreed that GI chest would be scanned on every patient in any phase, as long as they are scanned.
## Sub-Groups
* The Gastro SIG are going to separate things into groups and prioritise MRI. Sub groups will be put on hold until we have more MR data before making a decision on what to work on first.
* An education programme for cross sectional radiography was raised, to help radiographers to understand how we make changes and why. 
* The importance of supporting radiographers training and progression was highlighted.
* SIG members were happy to give talks within the education programme.



