---
title: 2023 Spring Urology SIG Meeting
start: 2023-03-07T09:00:32.623Z
end: 2023-03-07T10:00:32.646Z
groups:
  - Urology
eleventyNavigation:
  parent: urology
location: Teams Meeting
agenda: |-
  # A﻿genda

  * R﻿EALM/Regional Reporting Update
  * C﻿T Urogram - Updates/Implemented
  * C﻿T/MRI Kidney Protocols
  * T﻿P Training - Support
  * A﻿OB
minutes: >-
  ### *A﻿ttendance: Oliver Hulson, Anna Zoltowski, Andrew Koo, Shiva Deep
  Sukumar, Deepak Pai, Simon Burbridge, Harry Bardgett, Daniel Fascia, Ese
  Adiotomre, Jo Housley, Debra Punshon*


  #### M﻿inutes:


  O﻿lly announced that he had taken on the role of REALM lead for YIC, and invited anyone who is interested to attend these meetings.


  U﻿rogram: Airedale and Harrogate have moved to doing the 50 second urogram protocol for haematuria. Calderdale and Huddersfield expressed an interest in this, however there is only one uro-radiologist there. So not sure how general radiologists would adapt to reporting these. Concern also about how they are coded so they can be identified as such.


  T﻿P Update: Both Calderdale and Harrogate have the equipment and rooms ready, waiting for appropriate training, Olly will sort this for them. YIC to put information out when the 2 centres go live. There will be a TP Biopsy workshop in September at the BSUR meeting. No CRIS code currently for TP Biopsy. 


  D﻿an Fascia gave an update on cross network reporting, he is expecting a 3 month delay due to the indexing of patient numbers.
---
