---
title: August Service Group Meeting
start: 2022-08-12T13:00:23.851Z
end: 2022-08-12T14:00:23.864Z
groups:
  - Radiology Service Group
eleventyNavigation:
  parent: radiology-service-group
location: MS Teams
agenda: |-
  * U﻿pdate
  * B﻿acklog & Additional Reporting
minutes: >-
  ### A﻿ttendance


  *S﻿arah Clenton, Steve Davies, Jen Green, Penny Dutton, Tim Mawson*


  ### Key Discussion Points


  * T﻿he group agreed that the face to face workshop on 2 August was beneficial to network and to highlight the priorities - members wanted to receive some outputs from the session to understand next steps.

  * M﻿embers requested more of an update of the pathway of work that was progressing to provide timescales and assurance. Gary Cooper would attend the next meeting to discuss this. The Shared Reporting Service Working Group meeting was also due to take place on 7 September.


  #### B﻿acklog & Additional Reporting


  * O﻿utsourcing companies were struggling to accept further imaging until the end of September.

  * T﻿he group questioned if the shared reporting team could handle all Trust additional reporting, including images to be outsourced, so that the process was consistent.
---
