---
title: Autumn Breast Group Meeting
start: 2021-11-03T09:30:54.667Z
end: 2021-11-03T10:30:54.672Z
groups:
  - "Breast "
eleventyNavigation:
  parent: breast
location: MS Teams
agenda: |-
  This is what we are going to discuss in this meeting:

  * Trust Updates
  * YIC Update
  * Breast SIG Priorities
minutes: >-
  ### Actions


  1. To email through 2 priroities that the Breast SIG should focus on to [yorkshireimagingcollaborative@nhs.net](mailto:yorkshireimagingcollaborative@nhs.net) \[new for members]


  ### [](https://github.com/yorkshire-imaging-collaborative/yorkshire-imaging-collaborative.github.io/blob/master/src/meetings/2021-11-03-breast.md#attendance)Attendance


  *Nisha Sharma, Gary Cooper, Neal Larkman, Simon Dennis, Sarah Fox, Julie Simpson*


  ### [](https://github.com/yorkshire-imaging-collaborative/yorkshire-imaging-collaborative.github.io/blob/master/src/meetings/2021-11-03-breast.md#key-discussion-points)Key Discussion Points


  * It was updated that HDFT and MYHT have now shared images onto Intelerad. The pilot is due to take place in November/December. The pricing matrix has been produced and has been adopted by BTHFT so far for both insource and collaborative reporting. Bid for additional funding for homeworking stations and additional IT support has been submitted. 5 project managers have been recruited (all radiographers), three of which will be supporting SIG work.

  * The group agreed to focus on male breast protocols and pain clinic pathways.

  * It was agreed that members would send through two priorities each that should be focussed on.
---
