---
title: November Service Group Meeting
start: 2021-11-12T14:00:44.448Z
end: 2021-11-12T15:00:44.454Z
groups:
  - Radiology Service Group
eleventyNavigation:
  parent: radiology-service-group
location: MS Teams
agenda: |-
  This is what we are going to discuss in this meeting

  * Update and next steps on the demand and capacity project and for CT and MR
  * Trust 'Rad Alerts'
  * Update on Implementation of Training Rooms
  * Business Continuity Plan update
minutes: >-
  ### Attendance


  *Sarah Clenton, Lynn McNamee, Jen Green, Louise Diamond, Mandy Hay, Penny Dutton, Tim Mawson*


  ### [](https://github.com/yorkshire-imaging-collaborative/yorkshire-imaging-collaborative.github.io/blob/master/src/meetings/2021-11-12-SM.md#key-discussion-points)Key Discussion Points


  * Lynn McNamee updated the group on the demand and capacity project for CT and MR.

  * Trainig Room Implementation- LTHT have assigned a business manager to look at IT equipment. MYHT were planning additions to their training suites to bring it up to spec. CHFT have identified a room, and two reporting radiographers will be leading on the project. All were on track to spend the funding by the end of the financial year.

  * Hosting of the shared reporting team was raised and there was concerns regarding governance and who is accountable for report turn arounds.

  * BTHFT had implemeted the YIC pricing matrix for their local work and Jen Green was happy to share their letter of notice that was sent to their reporters, and their logic behind the change. All agreed this would be good to see to help adoption of the pricing matrix within Trusts.
---
