---
title: Summer MSK Group Meeting
start: 2021-06-09T14:00:42.475Z
end: 2021-06-09T15:00:42.481Z
groups:
  - Musculoskeletal
eleventyNavigation:
  parent: musculoskeletal
location: MS Teams
agenda: |-
  This is what we are going to discuss in this meeting

  * Sarcoma Protocols - Questions & Feedback
  * Expressions of Interest for Chairperson Role
minutes: >-
  ### Attendance


  *Neal Larkman, Christian Chew, Dan Fascia, Philip Robinson, Lisa Field, Pankaj Nagtode, Scott Raine*


  ### [](https://github.com/yorkshire-imaging-collaborative/yorkshire-imaging-collaborative.github.io/blob/master/src/meetings/2021-06-09-MSK.md#actions)Actions


  1. Circulate updated Sarcoma Pathway \[new for Philip Robinson]

  2. Circulate assessment document for Cauda Equina \[new for Helen Jeffrey]

  3. Calls for Expression of Interest for the Chairperson role \[new for Neal Larkman]


  ### [](https://github.com/yorkshire-imaging-collaborative/yorkshire-imaging-collaborative.github.io/blob/master/src/meetings/2021-06-09-MSK.md#key-discussion-points)Key Discussion Points


  * The updated sarcoma protocol is to be approved by the Cancer Alliance before it is a live document, where changes in lipoma management would also be followed and patients not automatically sent to sarcoma MDT. For now, anything over 7cm and subcutaneous should be sent to Sarcoma MDT.

  * Next steps for sarcoma MDTs would be to apply a minimum reporting standard, including parameters.

  * Priorities that the MSK SIG group would be focussing on referral guidelines for lumps & bumps (would assist in distinguishing lumps and not using size as a guide) and the SOP for emergency assessment of Cauda Equina syndrome to assist spinal surgeons.
---
